Probable Topics to be learnt on JSP

1. What is JSP. How do they differ from Servlets?

2. Life cycle of JSP (This topic is a good candidate for any framework like Spring MVC, JSF etc..)

3. What is a JSP Directive and a JSP Scriptlet?

4. Uses of <jsp:useBean> JSP use bean Tag?

5. Define the life cycle of a JSP Tag. How do you write a custom tag to be used in JSP

6. What are the implicit objects in a JSP?

7. What is the difference between a <jsp:include> and a <jsp:forward> tag?

8. How can a Java server page be debugged?

9. What is JSP Expression Language? What are JSP EL's implicit objects?

10. Java Standard Core Tag Library and different tags.



Team

In addition, you should also see these for the spring related topics.

1. Spring MVC - Overview of the Spring framework and its Life cycle

2. Spring application context, IOC, Web aware Application context and their usage

3. Spring beans, their scope and usage

4. Spring annotations/configurations, transactions, transaction propagation and strategy

5. Spring repository, jdbc/jpa templates and database support.
6. Spring security and its concepts (CSRF/CORS etc...)




Interview Question:                                                                                                       
1.Tell about yourself.
2. Bigger Challenges you faced?
3. Agile Methodology
4. Epic 
5. Best Practices for developing Java App
6. Any framework for Unit testing?
7. Mockito?
8. Task -> Read a big file using thread implementation 
9. Java 8 
10. Streaming api
What is Spring IOC?
Have you worked on Spring boot or MVC?
Why to use Hibernate?
What is lazy loading in Hibernate?
Explain OOPS concepts?
Realtime example for OOPS concepts?
Difference between abstract class and inheritance?
What restful services have you used ?
Have you worked on CSS, Linux, JSP and JS
Have you worked on unit test cases both on the server and the client side ?
What server did you use in the last project ?
Write a program to reverse a palindrome string and reverse a number
Did you used third party services (like amazon)?





Have you worked on Linux commands
What are all the conditional statements  in JSP?
Have to worked on Custom tags?
How to debug a jsp page?
How to Debug JavaScript in UI Browser?
How  to invoke Thirdparty webservices using Javascript?
Expaling the Spring MVC Flow?
How many types of Exceptions are there in java?
How many ways to do Synchronization in java?
How Transaction management works in java?
HashMap internal implementation in java?
How equals and hashcode methods works in java?
How to write user defines exception?
How to handle mutilple countries language selection in JSP ?
Why do we use spring ? "Tell me about yourself
Technical stack of your previous project?
Why to use message queue's in the previous project?
What ORM were you using in the previous project?
What all micro services were you using ?
Can you explain the project flow?
What rest services did you use?
What caching mechanism did you use and why was it necessary?
How did you configure it in the project? Who made the technical decisions?
How good in CSS?


Command to list all the files and folders in the directory.
Command to find the file.
Command to search the keyword in a file.
Command to create the directory.
Command to provide the access.
Explain about the Linked list and write the samples.
Write the program to find the numbers divisible by 2 and store into a separate array.
Write a program to print the provided number into reverse.
What is the difference between Array and array list?
When you use an array and array list.
Write the program to print the odd index values.
Explain about abstract class.
Write the program to check is a palindrome.
Handle the ArrayIndexoutofbound exception.
Tell about spring and advantages.
Difference between hash map and hash table.  What web application used in spring
Write an HTML code with two input box and get the input from the text box and sum the values using the javascript.
a. Javascript function should have the two arguments.
Write the CSS class for the text box 1.
Make the Test box 1 text color as Red.
Write the CSS for all the button show as Red background color.
Do not use any DIV or Table use the CSS and show each text boxes in two lines.
Write CSS Padding Syntax.
How to measure the margins (PX or PI)? What is the default measurement?





How you do One been to another bean injuction in spring
Data Structures
How Hash map internally work in java
Difference between HashMap and HashTable
Spring MVC
How to call objects in java script
Difference between ArrayList and LinkedList
What is dependency injection                                                                                                       
Did you done debugging using eclipse and how you done
How good in javascript
How good in CSS
Did you work any security issues and what are they
Tell about MVC design pattern
Did you used annotations in spring
Did you work automation and what framework you used
Did you write any Junit test cases
What is your roles and responsibilities in the current project


Security to access services
About CSS Styles
Did you used tomcat server
Diff b/w GWT & JS
Linux commands you know
Spring features
What is MVC
Design patterns you know & what is factory pattern.
What is dependency injection ?
Hibernate diff b/w HQL & SQL ?
Hashmap mechanism.
Diff b/w Array list & Linked List ?
Write code for String reverse & String palindrome 9. Hibernate cache mechanism 10. Hibernate elements.
Spring controller
Benefits of using dependency injection 13. Diff b/w == && equals()
Did you worked on HTML and java script?
Did you implement the web pages in previous projects and how you done?








